async runtime.onMessage listeners clarification (#32060)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/onmessage/index.md

To send an asynchronous response, there are two options:

- return `true` from the event listener. This keeps the `sendResponse()` function valid after the listener returns, so you can call it later. [See an example](#sending_an_asynchronous_response_using_sendresponse).

>   > **Warning:** Do not prepend `async` to the function. The function won't work as expected because prepending `async` causes the function to return a Promise that resolves to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Warning:** Do not prepend `async` to the function that returns `true`, because that causes the return value to be a Promise (that resolves to `true`). `sendResponse` can only be called asynchronously when the listener returns `true` synchronously.
```

I rephrased because the original text could be interpreted as disallowing `async` on any function, while it applies to the `true` return value only.

Feel free to rephrase further.

browser.runtime.onMessage.addListener(handleMessage);
```

> > **Warning:** Do not prepend `async` to the function. That changes the meaning to [sending an asynchronous response using a promise](#sending_an_asynchronous_response_using_a_promise), which is effectively the same as `sendResponse(true)`.

Reviewer: I like this original wording + link better than my previous suggestion. Please use this one for both.

Author: Thanks, reverted and reused.

> > **Warning:** Do not prepend `async` to the function. Prepend `async` changes the meaning to [sending an asynchronous response using a promise](#sending_an_asynchronous_response_using_a_promise), which is effectively the same as `sendResponse(true)`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "Prepending", from the English language perspective?

Or even "Doing so", to be shorter with less repetition.

```suggestion
> **Warning:** Do not prepend `async` to the function. Prepending `async` changes the meaning to [sending an asynchronous response using a promise](#sending_an_asynchronous_response_using_a_promise), which is effectively the same as `sendResponse(true)`.
```

Author: You are right
